capital = 812



recruit_character = EST_konstantin_pats
recruit_character = EST_artur_sirk
recruit_character = EST_johannes_kabin
recruit_character = EST_jaan_tonisson
recruit_character = EST_andres_larka
recruit_character = EST_oskar_eiriksson
recruit_character = EST_leo_sepp
recruit_character = EST_richard_veermaa
recruit_character = EST_alex_nirk
recruit_character = EST_richard_tomberg
recruit_character = EST_alfred_vendt
recruit_character = EST_juhan_tuuling
recruit_character = EST_nikolay_g_karotamm
recruit_character = EST_voldemar_mere
recruit_character = EST_alfons_rebane
recruit_character = EST_juri_uluots
recruit_character = EST_boris_kumm
recruit_character = EST_august_rei
recruit_character = EST_jaan_anvelt
recruit_character = EST_johan_laidoner

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1932.5.21"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}