capital = 808



recruit_character = LAT_gustavs_celminsh
recruit_character = LAT_augusts_kirhensteins
recruit_character = LAT_martinsh_penikis
recruit_character = LAT_hermanis_buks
recruit_character = LAT_janis_berzins
recruit_character = LAT_ludvigs_bolsteins
recruit_character = LAT_teodors_zvejnieks
recruit_character = LAT_kornelijs_veidnieks
recruit_character = LAT_rudolfs_kandis
recruit_character = LAT_konstantins_cakste
recruit_character = LAT_arturs_silgailis
recruit_character = LAT_fricis_celmins
recruit_character = LAT_otto_hellmich
recruit_character = LAT_rudolfs_kocins
recruit_character = LAT_arturs_sprogis
recruit_character = LAT_tomas_spade
recruit_character = LAT_vilis_lacis
recruit_character = LAT_vilhelms_munters
recruit_character = LAT_janis_kaminskis
recruit_character = LAT_fricis_menders
recruit_character = LAT_alberts_kvesis
recruit_character = LAT_karlis_ulmanis

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1931.10.3"
	election_frequency = 10
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}