capital = 11


recruit_character = LIT_antanas_smetona
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_snieckus
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_grinius
recruit_character = LIT_augustinas_voldemaras
recruit_character = LIT_kazys_skuchas
recruit_character = LIT_petras_schatz
recruit_character = LIT_feliksas_baltusis
recruit_character = LIT_vincentas_latozaite
recruit_character = LIT_albinas_cepas
recruit_character = LIT_adolfas_ramanauskas
recruit_character = LIT_juozas_ambrazevicius
recruit_character = LIT_jonas_cernius
recruit_character = LIT_vladas_karvelis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_gustaitis
recruit_character = LIT_antanas_kaskelis
recruit_character = LIT_juoza_barzda_bradauskas
recruit_character = LIT_leonas_bistras
recruit_character = LIT_vladas_jurgutis
recruit_character = LIT_mykolas_slezevicius
recruit_character = LIT_zigmas_angarietis
recruit_character = LIT_karl_gero

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1926.5.8"
	election_frequency = 120
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 25
	neutrality = 25
}